README.md, before:

# TabBrain

AI-powered Chrome extension for organizing browser tabs and bookmarks. Uses local or cloud LLMs to intelligently categorize, group, and clean up your browser chaos.

![Chrome Extension](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome-Extension-green)
![Manifest V3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Manifest-V3-blue)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.7-blue)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18-61dafb)

## Cross-Platform Support

TabBrain works on **Windows**, **macOS**, and **Linux** - anywhere Chrome runs.

| Platform | Status | Notes |
|----------|--------|-------|
| Windows | Fully Supported | |
| macOS | Fully Supported | |
| Linux | Fully Supported | |
| ChromeOS | Fully Supported | |

The extension uses standard Chrome Extension APIs that work identically across all platforms. No platform-specific configuration required.

## Features

- **Duplicate Detection** - Find and remove duplicate tabs and bookmarks
- **Window Topic Detection** - AI suggests descriptive labels for each window
- **Tab Categorization** - Automatically categorize tabs (Tech, Shopping, News, etc.)
- **Tab Group Creation** - Create Chrome tab groups based on categories
- **Domain Sorting** - Sort tabs alphabetically by domain
- **Window Merge** - Detect and combine windows with overlapping content
- **Bookmark Organization** - Rename generic folders, find dead links

## Architecture

```mermaid
graph TB
    subgraph "Chrome Extension"
        subgraph "UI Layer"
            SP[Side Panel]
            OP[Options Page]
        end

        subgraph "Background"
            SW[Service Worker]
            MH[Message Handler]
            ST[State Manager]
        end

        subgraph "Core Libraries"
            CA[Chrome APIs]
            AL[Algorithms]
            LLM[LLM Integration]
        end
    end

    subgraph "External"
        CHROME[Chrome Browser]
        API[LLM Provider API]
    end

    SP --> MH
    OP --> MH
    MH --> SW
    SW --> ST
    MH --> CA
    MH --> AL
    MH --> LLM
    CA --> CHROME
    LLM --> API
```

## Data Flow

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant U as User
    participant SP as Side Panel
    participant SW as Service Worker
    participant CA as Chrome APIs
    participant LLM as LLM Provider

    U->>SP: Click "Categorize Tabs"
    SP->>SW: CATEGORIZE_TABS message
    SW->>CA: chrome.tabs.query()
    CA-->>SW: Tab list
    SW->>LLM: Batch categorization request
    LLM-->>SW: Category results
    SW-->>SP: Categorized tabs
    SP->>U: Display results
    U->>SP: Click "Create Groups"
    SP->>SW: CREATE_TAB_GROUPS message
    SW->>CA: chrome.tabs.group()
    CA-->>SW: Groups created
    SW-->>SP: Success
    SP->>U: Show grouped tabs
```

## Project Structure

```mermaid
graph LR
    subgraph "src/"
        subgraph "background/"
            BI[index.ts]
            BMH[message-handler.ts]
            BST[state.ts]
        end

        subgraph "sidepanel/"
            SPA[App.tsx]
            subgraph "pages/"
                PD[Dashboard]
                PDF[DuplicateFinder]
                PWO[WindowOrganizer]
                PWM[WindowMerge]
                PBC[BookmarkCleaner]
                PS[Settings]
            end
            subgraph "components/"
                CTL[TabList]
                CPB[ProgressBar]
                CCD[ConfirmDialog]
                CAC[ActionCard]
                CEB[ErrorBoundary]
            end
            subgraph "hooks/"
                HCT[useChromeTabs]
                HLM[useLLM]
                HBM[useBookmarks]
            end
        end

        subgraph "lib/"
            subgraph "chrome/"
                LCT[tabs.ts]
                LCB[bookmarks.ts]
                LCW[windows.ts]
                LCS[storage.ts]
            end
            subgraph "llm/"
                LLP[provider.ts]
                LLC[openai-compatible.ts]
                LLPB[prompt-builder.ts]
                LLRP[response-parser.ts]
            end
            subgraph "algorithms/"
                LAUN[url-normalizer.ts]
                LAS[similarity.ts]
                LAC[clustering.ts]
            end
        end
    end
```

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- Chrome/Chromium browser
- (Optional) Local LLM via Ollama or Open WebUI

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/tabbrain.git
cd tabbrain

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Build the extension
npm run build
```

### Load in Chrome

1. Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions`
2. Enable **Developer mode** (toggle in top right)
3. Click **Load unpacked**
4. Select the `dist/` folder from this project
5. Click the TabBrain icon in your toolbar

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A[npm run build] --> B[chrome://extensions]
    B --> C[Enable Developer Mode]
    C --> D[Load Unpacked]
    D --> E[Select dist/ folder]
    E --> F[Extension Ready!]
```

## Configuration

### Setting Up Your LLM Provider

TabBrain supports multiple LLM providers:

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Supported Providers"
        OW[Open WebUI]
        OA[OpenAI API]
        AN[Anthropic]
        OL[Ollama Local]
        LMS[LM Studio]
        DS[DeepSeek]
        GR[Groq]
    end

    subgraph "TabBrain"
        OAC[OpenAI-Compatible Provider]
    end

    OW --> OAC
    OA --> OAC
    DS --> OAC
    GR --> OAC
    LMS --> OAC
    AN --> OAC
    OL --> OAC
```

### Configuration Steps

1. Click the **gear icon** in TabBrain's side panel
2. Or right-click extension → **Options**
3. Select your provider and enter details:

| Provider | Base URL | API Key Required |
|----------|----------|------------------|
| Open WebUI | `http://localhost:3000/api` | Yes |
| OpenAI | `https://api.openai.com/v1` | Yes |
| Ollama | `http://localhost:11434/api` | No |
| DeepSeek | `https://api.deepseek.com/v1` | Yes |
| Groq | `https://api.groq.com/openai/v1` | Yes |

### Recommended Models

For best results with small context windows:

| Model | Context | Best For |
|-------|---------|----------|
| Llama 3.1 8B | 8K | Fast categorization |
| Llama 3.1 70B | 32K | Accurate topic detection |
| Qwen 2.5 72B | 32K | Multi-language support |
| Mistral Large | 32K | General purpose |
| GPT-3.5 Turbo | 16K | Cloud fallback |

## Usage Guide

### Finding Duplicates

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Open TabBrain] --> B[Click Find Duplicates]
    B --> C[Scan Complete]
    C --> D{Duplicates Found?}
    D -->|Yes| E[Review Groups]
    D -->|No| F[All Clean!]
    E --> G[Select tabs to close]
    G --> H[Click Close Tabs]
    H --> I[Confirm]
    I --> J[Duplicates Removed]
```

1. Click **Find Duplicates** on the dashboard
2. Review grouped duplicates (first tab is kept by default)
3. Check boxes for tabs you want to close
4. Click **Close X Tabs** and confirm

### Organizing Windows

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Click Organize Windows] --> B[Select a Window]
    B --> C[View Tabs]
    C --> D{Choose Action}
    D -->|AI| E[Detect Topic]
    D -->|AI| F[Categorize Tabs]
    D -->|Manual| G[Sort by Domain]
    E --> H[Edit/Accept Label]
    F --> I[Review Categories]
    I --> J[Create Tab Groups]
    G --> K[Tabs Sorted]
```

1. Click **Organize Windows** on dashboard
2. Select a window to organize
3. Use **Detect Topic** to get AI-suggested window name
4. Use **Categorize Tabs** to classify each tab
5. Click **Create Tab Groups** to apply Chrome tab groups

### Merging Windows

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Click Merge Windows] --> B[Scan for Overlap]
    B --> C{Overlapping Windows?}
    C -->|Yes| D[Review Suggestions]
    C -->|No| E[No Merges Needed]
    D --> F[Select Merge]
    F --> G[Preview Result]
    G --> H[Confirm Merge]
    H --> I[Windows Combined]
```

### Cleaning Bookmarks

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Click Clean Bookmarks] --> B{Select Tab}
    B -->|Duplicates| C[Find Duplicate Bookmarks]
    B -->|Folders| D[Find Generic Folder Names]
    B -->|Dead Links| E[Check for Broken Links]
    C --> F[Select & Remove]
    D --> G[Review AI Suggestions]
    G --> H[Rename Folders]
    E --> I[Review Dead Links]
    I --> J[Remove Broken]
```

## Development

### Commands

```bash
# Start development server with hot reload
npm run dev

# Type checking
npm run typecheck

# Build for production
npm run build

# Run unit tests
npm run test

# Run tests in watch mode
npm run test:watch

# Run E2E tests
npm run test:e2e

# Run tests in Docker
npm run test:docker
```

### Development Workflow

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A[Edit Code] --> B[npm run dev]
    B --> C[Hot Reload]
    C --> D[Test in Chrome]
    D --> E{Works?}
    E -->|No| A
    E -->|Yes| F[npm run test]
    F --> G{Tests Pass?}
    G -->|No| A
    G -->|Yes| H[npm run build]
    H --> I[Commit]
```

### Project Layout

```
tabbrain/
├── src/
│   ├── background/          # Service worker scripts
│   │   ├── index.ts         # Entry point
│   │   ├── message-handler.ts
│   │   └── state.ts
│   ├── sidepanel/           # Main UI
│   │   ├── App.tsx
│   │   ├── pages/           # Feature pages
│   │   ├── components/      # Reusable components
│   │   └── hooks/           # React hooks
│   ├── options/             # Settings page
│   ├── lib/
│   │   ├── chrome/          # Chrome API wrappers
│   │   ├── llm/             # LLM integration
│   │   ├── algorithms/      # Core logic
│   │   └── utils/           # Helpers
│   └── types/               # TypeScript definitions
├── tests/
│   ├── unit/                # Vitest unit tests
│   └── e2e/                 # Playwright E2E tests
├── public/
│   └── icons/               # Extension icons
├── dist/                    # Build output
├── manifest.json            # Extension manifest
├── vite.config.ts
├── tailwind.config.js
├── Dockerfile
├── docker-compose.yml
├── .github/workflows/ci.yml
└── Jenkinsfile
```

## Testing

### Unit Tests

```bash
npm run test
```

Tests cover:
- URL normalization and tracking parameter removal
- Similarity algorithms (Levenshtein, Jaccard, cosine)
- Duplicate detection and clustering
- Tab sorting logic

### E2E Tests

```bash
npm run test:e2e
```

Tests the extension in a real Chrome browser:
- Extension loading
- Tab creation and manipulation
- Duplicate detection

### Docker Testing

```bash
# Run all tests in container
npm run test:docker

# Or manually
docker-compose up --build test
```

## CI/CD

### GitHub Actions

The project includes a complete CI pipeline:

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Push/PR] --> B[Build Job]
    B --> C[Unit Tests]
    B --> D[E2E Tests]
    B --> E[Docker Tests]
    C --> F{All Pass?}
    D --> F
    E --> F
    F -->|Yes| G[Artifacts Uploaded]
    F -->|No| H[Fail]
```

### Jenkins

Alternative Jenkins pipeline available via `Jenkinsfile`.

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

| Issue | Solution |
|-------|----------|
| Extension won't load | Check `chrome://extensions` for errors |
| LLM not responding | Verify API URL and key in settings |
| Tabs not grouping | Ensure tabs are in the same window |
| Slow categorization | Reduce batch size or use faster model |

### Debug Mode

Open Chrome DevTools on the side panel to see logs:

1. Right-click side panel → **Inspect**
2. Check Console for `[TabBrain]` messages

## Privacy & Security

- **No data collection** - All processing happens locally or via your configured LLM
- **No page content access** - Only reads tab URLs and titles
- **API keys stored locally** - Never sent to third parties
- **Optional permissions** - Tabs and bookmarks permissions requested on-demand

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. Make your changes
4. Run tests: `npm run test`
5. Commit: `git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`
6. Push: `git push origin feature/amazing-feature`
7. Open a Pull Request

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Built with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) + [CRXJS](https://crxjs.dev/)
- UI powered by [React](https://react.dev/) + [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- Testing with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) + [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/)

Commit message:

Add quick start to README

README.md, after:

# TabBrain

AI-powered Chrome extension for organizing browser tabs and bookmarks. Uses local or cloud LLMs to intelligently categorize, group, and clean up your browser chaos.

## Quick Start

```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

1. Open `chrome://extensions` in Chrome
2. Enable **Developer mode** (top right toggle)
3. Click **Load unpacked** → select the `dist` folder
4. Click the TabBrain icon to open the side panel
5. Go to **Settings** to configure your LLM provider (Ollama, OpenAI, etc.)

![Chrome Extension](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome-Extension-green)
![Manifest V3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Manifest-V3-blue)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.7-blue)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18-61dafb)

## Cross-Platform Support

TabBrain works on **Windows**, **macOS**, and **Linux** - anywhere Chrome runs.

| Platform | Status | Notes |
|----------|--------|-------|
| Windows | Fully Supported | |
| macOS | Fully Supported | |
| Linux | Fully Supported | |
| ChromeOS | Fully Supported | |

The extension uses standard Chrome Extension APIs that work identically across all platforms. No platform-specific configuration required.

## Features

- **Duplicate Detection** - Find and remove duplicate tabs and bookmarks
- **Window Topic Detection** - AI suggests descriptive labels for each window
- **Tab Categorization** - Automatically categorize tabs (Tech, Shopping, News, etc.)
- **Tab Group Creation** - Create Chrome tab groups based on categories
- **Domain Sorting** - Sort tabs alphabetically by domain
- **Window Merge** - Detect and combine windows with overlapping content
- **Bookmark Organization** - Rename generic folders, find dead links

## Architecture

```mermaid
graph TB
    subgraph "Chrome Extension"
        subgraph "UI Layer"
            SP[Side Panel]
            OP[Options Page]
        end

        subgraph "Background"
            SW[Service Worker]
            MH[Message Handler]
            ST[State Manager]
        end

        subgraph "Core Libraries"
            CA[Chrome APIs]
            AL[Algorithms]
            LLM[LLM Integration]
        end
    end

    subgraph "External"
        CHROME[Chrome Browser]
        API[LLM Provider API]
    end

    SP --> MH
    OP --> MH
    MH --> SW
    SW --> ST
    MH --> CA
    MH --> AL
    MH --> LLM
    CA --> CHROME
    LLM --> API
```

## Data Flow

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant U as User
    participant SP as Side Panel
    participant SW as Service Worker
    participant CA as Chrome APIs
    participant LLM as LLM Provider

    U->>SP: Click "Categorize Tabs"
    SP->>SW: CATEGORIZE_TABS message
    SW->>CA: chrome.tabs.query()
    CA-->>SW: Tab list
    SW->>LLM: Batch categorization request
    LLM-->>SW: Category results
    SW-->>SP: Categorized tabs
    SP->>U: Display results
    U->>SP: Click "Create Groups"
    SP->>SW: CREATE_TAB_GROUPS message
    SW->>CA: chrome.tabs.group()
    CA-->>SW: Groups created
    SW-->>SP: Success
    SP->>U: Show grouped tabs
```

## Project Structure

```mermaid
graph LR
    subgraph "src/"
        subgraph "background/"
            BI[index.ts]
            BMH[message-handler.ts]
            BST[state.ts]
        end

        subgraph "sidepanel/"
            SPA[App.tsx]
            subgraph "pages/"
                PD[Dashboard]
                PDF[DuplicateFinder]
                PWO[WindowOrganizer]
                PWM[WindowMerge]
                PBC[BookmarkCleaner]
                PS[Settings]
            end
            subgraph "components/"
                CTL[TabList]
                CPB[ProgressBar]
                CCD[ConfirmDialog]
                CAC[ActionCard]
                CEB[ErrorBoundary]
            end
            subgraph "hooks/"
                HCT[useChromeTabs]
                HLM[useLLM]
                HBM[useBookmarks]
            end
        end

        subgraph "lib/"
            subgraph "chrome/"
                LCT[tabs.ts]
                LCB[bookmarks.ts]
                LCW[windows.ts]
                LCS[storage.ts]
            end
            subgraph "llm/"
                LLP[provider.ts]
                LLC[openai-compatible.ts]
                LLPB[prompt-builder.ts]
                LLRP[response-parser.ts]
            end
            subgraph "algorithms/"
                LAUN[url-normalizer.ts]
                LAS[similarity.ts]
                LAC[clustering.ts]
            end
        end
    end
```

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- Chrome/Chromium browser
- (Optional) Local LLM via Ollama or Open WebUI

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/tabbrain.git
cd tabbrain

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Build the extension
npm run build
```

### Load in Chrome

1. Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions`
2. Enable **Developer mode** (toggle in top right)
3. Click **Load unpacked**
4. Select the `dist/` folder from this project
5. Click the TabBrain icon in your toolbar

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A[npm run build] --> B[chrome://extensions]
    B --> C[Enable Developer Mode]
    C --> D[Load Unpacked]
    D --> E[Select dist/ folder]
    E --> F[Extension Ready!]
```

## Configuration

### Setting Up Your LLM Provider

TabBrain supports multiple LLM providers:

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Supported Providers"
        OW[Open WebUI]
        OA[OpenAI API]
        AN[Anthropic]
        OL[Ollama Local]
        LMS[LM Studio]
        DS[DeepSeek]
        GR[Groq]
    end

    subgraph "TabBrain"
        OAC[OpenAI-Compatible Provider]
    end

    OW --> OAC
    OA --> OAC
    DS --> OAC
    GR --> OAC
    LMS --> OAC
    AN --> OAC
    OL --> OAC
```

### Configuration Steps

1. Click the **gear icon** in TabBrain's side panel
2. Or right-click extension → **Options**
3. Select your provider and enter details:

| Provider | Base URL | API Key Required |
|----------|----------|------------------|
| Open WebUI | `http://localhost:3000/api` | Yes |
| OpenAI | `https://api.openai.com/v1` | Yes |
| Ollama | `http://localhost:11434/api` | No |
| DeepSeek | `https://api.deepseek.com/v1` | Yes |
| Groq | `https://api.groq.com/openai/v1` | Yes |

### Recommended Models

For best results with small context windows:

| Model | Context | Best For |
|-------|---------|----------|
| Llama 3.1 8B | 8K | Fast categorization |
| Llama 3.1 70B | 32K | Accurate topic detection |
| Qwen 2.5 72B | 32K | Multi-language support |
| Mistral Large | 32K | General purpose |
| GPT-3.5 Turbo | 16K | Cloud fallback |

## Usage Guide

### Finding Duplicates

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Open TabBrain] --> B[Click Find Duplicates]
    B --> C[Scan Complete]
    C --> D{Duplicates Found?}
    D -->|Yes| E[Review Groups]
    D -->|No| F[All Clean!]
    E --> G[Select tabs to close]
    G --> H[Click Close Tabs]
    H --> I[Confirm]
    I --> J[Duplicates Removed]
```

1. Click **Find Duplicates** on the dashboard
2. Review grouped duplicates (first tab is kept by default)
3. Check boxes for tabs you want to close
4. Click **Close X Tabs** and confirm

### Organizing Windows

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Click Organize Windows] --> B[Select a Window]
    B --> C[View Tabs]
    C --> D{Choose Action}
    D -->|AI| E[Detect Topic]
    D -->|AI| F[Categorize Tabs]
    D -->|Manual| G[Sort by Domain]
    E --> H[Edit/Accept Label]
    F --> I[Review Categories]
    I --> J[Create Tab Groups]
    G --> K[Tabs Sorted]
```

1. Click **Organize Windows** on dashboard
2. Select a window to organize
3. Use **Detect Topic** to get AI-suggested window name
4. Use **Categorize Tabs** to classify each tab
5. Click **Create Tab Groups** to apply Chrome tab groups

### Merging Windows

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Click Merge Windows] --> B[Scan for Overlap]
    B --> C{Overlapping Windows?}
    C -->|Yes| D[Review Suggestions]
    C -->|No| E[No Merges Needed]
    D --> F[Select Merge]
    F --> G[Preview Result]
    G --> H[Confirm Merge]
    H --> I[Windows Combined]
```

### Cleaning Bookmarks

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Click Clean Bookmarks] --> B{Select Tab}
    B -->|Duplicates| C[Find Duplicate Bookmarks]
    B -->|Folders| D[Find Generic Folder Names]
    B -->|Dead Links| E[Check for Broken Links]
    C --> F[Select & Remove]
    D --> G[Review AI Suggestions]
    G --> H[Rename Folders]
    E --> I[Review Dead Links]
    I --> J[Remove Broken]
```

## Development

### Commands

```bash
# Start development server with hot reload
npm run dev

# Type checking
npm run typecheck

# Build for production
npm run build

# Run unit tests
npm run test

# Run tests in watch mode
npm run test:watch

# Run E2E tests
npm run test:e2e

# Run tests in Docker
npm run test:docker
```

### Development Workflow

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A[Edit Code] --> B[npm run dev]
    B --> C[Hot Reload]
    C --> D[Test in Chrome]
    D --> E{Works?}
    E -->|No| A
    E -->|Yes| F[npm run test]
    F --> G{Tests Pass?}
    G -->|No| A
    G -->|Yes| H[npm run build]
    H --> I[Commit]
```

### Project Layout

```
tabbrain/
├── src/
│   ├── background/          # Service worker scripts
│   │   ├── index.ts         # Entry point
│   │   ├── message-handler.ts
│   │   └── state.ts
│   ├── sidepanel/           # Main UI
│   │   ├── App.tsx
│   │   ├── pages/           # Feature pages
│   │   ├── components/      # Reusable components
│   │   └── hooks/           # React hooks
│   ├── options/             # Settings page
│   ├── lib/
│   │   ├── chrome/          # Chrome API wrappers
│   │   ├── llm/             # LLM integration
│   │   ├── algorithms/      # Core logic
│   │   └── utils/           # Helpers
│   └── types/               # TypeScript definitions
├── tests/
│   ├── unit/                # Vitest unit tests
│   └── e2e/                 # Playwright E2E tests
├── public/
│   └── icons/               # Extension icons
├── dist/                    # Build output
├── manifest.json            # Extension manifest
├── vite.config.ts
├── tailwind.config.js
├── Dockerfile
├── docker-compose.yml
├── .github/workflows/ci.yml
└── Jenkinsfile
```

## Testing

### Unit Tests

```bash
npm run test
```

Tests cover:
- URL normalization and tracking parameter removal
- Similarity algorithms (Levenshtein, Jaccard, cosine)
- Duplicate detection and clustering
- Tab sorting logic

### E2E Tests

```bash
npm run test:e2e
```

Tests the extension in a real Chrome browser:
- Extension loading
- Tab creation and manipulation
- Duplicate detection

### Docker Testing

```bash
# Run all tests in container
npm run test:docker

# Or manually
docker-compose up --build test
```

## CI/CD

### GitHub Actions

The project includes a complete CI pipeline:

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Push/PR] --> B[Build Job]
    B --> C[Unit Tests]
    B --> D[E2E Tests]
    B --> E[Docker Tests]
    C --> F{All Pass?}
    D --> F
    E --> F
    F -->|Yes| G[Artifacts Uploaded]
    F -->|No| H[Fail]
```

### Jenkins

Alternative Jenkins pipeline available via `Jenkinsfile`.

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

| Issue | Solution |
|-------|----------|
| Extension won't load | Check `chrome://extensions` for errors |
| LLM not responding | Verify API URL and key in settings |
| Tabs not grouping | Ensure tabs are in the same window |
| Slow categorization | Reduce batch size or use faster model |

### Debug Mode

Open Chrome DevTools on the side panel to see logs:

1. Right-click side panel → **Inspect**
2. Check Console for `[TabBrain]` messages

## Privacy & Security

- **No data collection** - All processing happens locally or via your configured LLM
- **No page content access** - Only reads tab URLs and titles
- **API keys stored locally** - Never sent to third parties
- **Optional permissions** - Tabs and bookmarks permissions requested on-demand

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. Make your changes
4. Run tests: `npm run test`
5. Commit: `git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`
6. Push: `git push origin feature/amazing-feature`
7. Open a Pull Request

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Built with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) + [CRXJS](https://crxjs.dev/)
- UI powered by [React](https://react.dev/) + [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- Testing with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) + [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/)
